

.,most inclusive among the four houses
.,"valuing hard work, dedication, patience, loyalty, and fair play "
.,corresponds roughly to the element of earth
.,"House colours were chosen: yellow represented wheat, while black was emblematic of soil."
.,points hourglass contains yellow diamonds.
.,"hard-working, friendly, loyal, honest and rather impartial."
.,"known to have a strong moral code, and a sense of right and wrong."
.,are usually accepting of everyone. 
.,appears to have the least rivalry with the other houses
.,house that produced the fewest dark wizards through out its history
.,Basement is the common room.
.,dormitory is a quite cosy and welcoming place
.,"are not as competitive as the other houses, and are more modest about their accomplishments. "
.,Their cheerful and friendly demeanour can probably account for this property of the House.
.,humble - they are modest and meek
.,"benevolence -  They do the right thing because it's the right thing, not for glory or selfish reasons"
.,friendly - they don't have biases based on stereotypes like the other Houses
.,hard-working - they don't cheat or look for loop holes. Just good old fashioned work
.,lack of drive - they have a very low competitive nature. This hurts them when it comes to points.
., take the slow route and don't always make the cut
.," hard work, patience, justice, and loyalty."
.,"they never brag or talk about their accomplishments, leading many to think they lack powerful wizards"
.,"this house has the most ""good"" people"
.,"Their mascot is a badger, and their colors are yellow and black"
.,Their main purpose in life is to be kind and generous and to spare people’s feelings.
.,They are also smart and many are very adventurous and courageous.
.,"However, their patient nature and their desire to make others happy are stronger."
.,Earth is the element of stability and in this case deals with nature-like motherly affection
.,"faithful, truehearted, devoted"
.,"staunch, dependable, reliable"
.,"trusted, trustworthy, trusty"
.,"firm, stable, steady, unfailing, patriotic"
.,"self-effacing, self-deprecating, humble, unpretentious"
.,"unassuming, unpresuming, unostentatious, low-key"
.,free from vanity
.,"diffident, timid, reserved, retiring, media-shy, reticent"
.,"quiet, embarrassed, blushing"
".,"dutiful, unchanging"
.,"unwavering, unswerving"
.,"dedicated, committed"
.,keeping one's light under a bushel
.,"shy, bashful, self-conscious"
.,"fearful, meek, docile"
