.,"Knowledge, creativity, intelligence, wisdom, and cleverness – those are the qualities of a ."
.,The smartest and most clever people can be found in this house. 
.,strive to do what is wise.
.,good sense of humor and are often quirky.
.,lead through wisdom and they will always use their brains to resolve any situation.
.,intelligent - their biggest trait
.,"creativity - not only intelligent, but very unpredictable and creative with their spellwork"
.,"good looks, provide the prettiest faces"
.,self-sufficient - very resourceful and vast knowledge = very little outside help needed
.,"cliques - they prefer to stay to themselves and study, rarely interacting with others during assignments"
.," intelligence, creativity, learning, and wit."
.,Arrogant - they look down on others on occasion since they are attractive and have good grades
.,"their mascot is an eagle, and the colors are blue and brown/bronze/black depending on the medium"
.,"common room is in a tower, and their password is answering a riddle"
.,"ghost is the Grey Lady, daughter of Rowena ."
.,points hourglass contains blue sapphires.
.,the House colours were chosen; blue and bronze represent the sky and eagle feathers respectively
.,"learning, wisdom, wit, and intellect in its members."
.,tend to be curious about the world and pay attention to the world around them.
.,known to be logical and rational.
.,competitive when it comes to academic success
.,have little rivalry with the other houses
.,"they tended to side with Gryffindor in its rivalry with Slytherin, as did Hufflepuff house."
.,"they’re well-known for being welcoming and encouraging of creativity, eccentricity and individuality and being very accepting."
.,a logical riddle given by a bronze eagle-shaped knocker must be answered to enter.
.,corresponds roughly to the element of air
.,"Members of this house are characterised by their wit, learning, and wisdom"
.,"The emblematic animal symbol is an eagle, and blue and bronze are its colours."

.,"intellect, mind, brain"
.,"brains, brainpower"
.,powers of reasoning
.,"judgment, reason, reasoning"
.,"understanding, comprehension"
.,"acumen, wit"
.,"sense, insight"
.,"perceptiveness, perception, perspicaciousness, perspicacity"
.," penetration, discernment"
.,"sharpness, quickness of mind, quick-wittedness"
.,"smartness, canniness, astuteness"
.,"intuition, acuity, alertness, cleverness"
.,"brilliance, aptness, ability, giftedness, talent"
